Yoga tooted 4.3 namita ma RI yo yo come
break it down what others paid us to the
dark set recovered the instrumental
course of creation is not the creative
course but the pierces the covers of
Korea's like pharmacists barriers
between his fields so what is the
instrument of course it's our pious and
impious actions Dharma Dharma our
actions are instrumental course but
creative course this is the priority
matter it's the supreme is the ultimate
cost credit course course is the gunas
to Hakuna Siddhartha's intimacy they
going to direct our action how we going
to act is according to our gunas or
later Thomas is reacting in ignorant way
rotors itself is where sattva right way
good way then they should has a level
which is the spirit one spirit relaxing
it doesn't produce karma but it purifies
the consciousness yoga stretch inside